_pages/upcoming.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Upcoming articles
subtitle: The cosmic varta team
permalink: /upcoming
comments: False
---

<img src="assets/images/upcoming.jpg">

# Articles under process.

Articles based on the following list of papers have been received by **CosmicVarta**  and are under the process of editing by our team members. Usually the articles stay with our editors for a period of 2-3 weeks, after which you may expect the article to be published on the main webpage.

- [Review of "A nearby long gamma-ray burst from a merger of compact objects" by Rahul Gupta](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-022-05327-3#:~:text=On%2011%20December%202021%20at,Fermi%2C%20INTEGRAL%20and%20CALET%20satellites.)

- [Review of "HI gas playing hide-and-seek around a powerful FRI type quasar at z~2.1" by Neeraj Gupta](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.3847/2041-8213/ac589f)

- [Review of "SN 2020jfo: A short plateau Type II supernova from a low mass progenitor!" by Rishabh Singh Teja](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022ApJ...930...34T/abstract)

- [Review of "Distinguishing reionization models using the largest cluster statistics of the 21-cm maps" by Aadarsh Pathak](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022JCAP...11..027P/abstract)

- [Review of *A comparative study of the physical properties for a representative sample of Narrow and Broad-line Seyfert galaxies* by Vivek Kumar Jha.](https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stab3700)

- [*Measurement of accretion disc sizes for quasars from the ZTF survey* by Vivek Kumar Jha](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022MNRAS.511.3005J/abstract)

- [Review of "Transonic accretion and winds around Pseudo-Kerr black holes and comparison with general relativistic solutions" by Abhrajit Bhattacharjee](https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.04383)

- [Review of "First results of Low-latitude Ionospheric Irregularities measured by NavIC and GPS near the Anomaly Crest and the Magnetic Equator" by Sumanjit Chakraborty](https://arxiv.org/abs/2203.02218)

- [Article on science outreach activities at YAM 2022 by Vishal Upendran]()

---
---

<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    /*
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    */
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://cosmicvarta-in.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>

Commit message:

Sonali Sachdeva, Aadarsh Pathak and Rishabh article upload by Ketan - 23feb23

_pages/upcoming.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Upcoming articles
subtitle: The cosmic varta team
permalink: /upcoming
comments: False
---

<img src="assets/images/upcoming.jpg">

# Articles under process.

Articles based on the following list of papers have been received by **CosmicVarta**  and are under the process of editing by our team members. Usually the articles stay with our editors for a period of 2-3 weeks, after which you may expect the article to be published on the main webpage.

- [Review of "Physical link of the polar field build-up with the Waldmeier effect broadens the scope of early solar cycle prediction: Cycle 25 is likely to be slightly stronger than Cycle 24" by Pawan Kumar](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022MNRAS.513L.112K/abstract)

- [Proceedings from the National Seminar on Advances in Astrophysics and Space Science Research by Robin Thomas]()

- [*Measurement of accretion disc sizes for quasars from the ZTF survey* by Vivek Kumar Jha](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022MNRAS.511.3005J/abstract)

- [Review of "Transonic accretion and winds around Pseudo-Kerr black holes and comparison with general relativistic solutions" by Abhrajit Bhattacharjee](https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.04383)

- [Review of "First results of Low-latitude Ionospheric Irregularities measured by NavIC and GPS near the Anomaly Crest and the Magnetic Equator" by Sumanjit Chakraborty](https://arxiv.org/abs/2203.02218)

---
---

<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    /*
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    */
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://cosmicvarta-in.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
